Update architecture guide (#4778)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/architecture/archi_perspectives/present_layer.md

Each [theme](https://glossary.magento.com/theme) resides in a unique directory and contains custom page layouts, templates, skins, and language files that work together to create a distinct user experience.

For an extensive introduction to theme elements and an overview of how to extend and override the default Magento themes, see the [Frontend Developer Guide][].

## GraphQL

GraphQL is a data query language developed internally by Facebook in 2012 before being publicly released in 2015. Magento implements GraphQL to provide an alternative to REST and SOAP web APIs for frontend development.

> GraphQL allows you to define the structure of the data that you need, and the server returns only the data you request. Each GraphQL-capable module contains a declarative schema that defines the syntax for queries that the module supports, as well as the attributes that can be returned. If you run a REST call such as GET /V1/products/:sku on a simple product, the system might fetch more than 100 lines of data. If all you need is the current price, the call has returned significantly more information than you need. With GraphQL, a query against the same SKU could return just the price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GraphQL allows you to request only the data you need. Each GraphQL-capable module contains a declarative schema that defines the syntax for queries the module supports, as well as the attributes that can be returned. For example, a REST call, such as `GET /V1/products/:sku` on a simple product, might return more than 100 lines of data. But if all you need is the current price, you are wasting bandwidth. With GraphQL, you can query for just the price against the same SKU.
```

More information can be found in the [GraphQL Developer Guide][]

> ## Progressive Web Apps

Reviewer: Looks like this title needs to changed to: Progressive Web App Studio to distinguish it from the same title below.
